# -------------------#
# CASINO input file #
# -------------------#

#SYSTEM
atom_basis_type = blip
complex_wf = False
interaction = ewald
ned = 1
neu = 1
periodic = True
psi_s = slater
write_binary_blips = True
%block scell_matrix
1 1 1
%block scell_matrix

#RUN
backflow = False
esupercell = False
expot = False
finite_size_corr = False
forces = False
mpc_cutoff = 30
neighprint = 0
newrun = True
testrun = False
timing_info = False
use_jastrow = True
vm_reweight = False

#DMC
dmc_equil_nblock = 1
dmc_equil_nstep = 500
dmc_stats_nblock = 5
dmc_stats_nstep = 2500
dmc_target_weight = 1152
dmc_trip_weight = 3456
dtdmc = 0.01
runtype = vmc_dmc
use_tmove = True
vmc_decorr_period = 10
vmc_equil_step = 15000
vmc_nblock = 1
vmc_nconfig_write = 15000
vmc_nstep = 15000

#Expectation values
cond_fraction = False
density = False
dipole_moment = False
expval_cutoff = 30.0
int_sf = False
loc_tensor = False
onep_density_mat = False
pair_corr = False
pair_corr_sph = False
permit_den_symm = False
qmc_density_mpc = False
spin_density = False
struc_factor_sph = False
structure_factor = False
twop_density_mat = False

